You are the sword lord
Ah Jianzun
The king pays tribute to the sword master
Meet the Swordsman
End of the year
What do you want me to do if you want me to come here in person?
You see that?
Their lives are in my hands
And then I know you caught Hades in your hands
I want you to let him go now
And announced the dissolution of the Kowloon Temple
And transfer the Kowloon Group to my Hades organization
Can I take the liberty to ask
Actually, how old are you?
What's wrong with 45?
45 years old and still so naive
Were you born with a brain problem?
You don't want their lives, do you?
You gave birth to me
I killed your in-laws
See how you explain it to your wife
You killed, you killed my father-in-law
So I can inherit their fortune
What should I do to stop you?
Are you serious?
Do you think I'm kidding?
No kidding, just do as I say right away
Otherwise I'll do it
Forget it, I'm not kidding you.
Let's take a look at something first
Your boss
Notorious terrorist organization
Hades is dead
Do you want the corpse?
What? You killed the king of soldiers, I killed them
And so on.
What do you want to do?
I'll let you hear something else
Lord Xie Dong